[docs] Clarify and consolidate similar internal distribution guides (#34618)
expo/expo: docs/pages/tutorial/eas/internal-distribution-builds.mdx

### Create

Creating an internal distribution build requires [app signing credentials](/app-signing/app-credentials/).

Android app signing is non-restrictive and allows installing any compatible **.apk** file. When a development build was created, a new Android Keystore was generated for it. Hence, there is no need to generate a new keystore for preview builds.

> On the other hand, Apple has stricter rules for app distribution on iOS devices. We need an ad hoc provisioning profile that explicitly lists the devices allowed to run the app. Alternatively, to ad hoc provisioning profiles, you can use enterprise provisioning, which requires a special Apple Developer Program membership. It costs $299 USD per year and allows running the app on any device without device registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, Apple has stricter rules for app distribution on iOS devices. We need an ad hoc provisioning profile that explicitly lists the devices allowed to run the app. Some organizations whose apps meet specific requirements may be able to use the [Apple Developer Enterprise Program](https://developer.apple.com/programs/enterprise/) to distribute apps internally to a larger audience.
```
